Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I put out the video yesterday and I almost gave you two videos in one day, but that video I felt was very important to go over some of the things the Lord is showing us.
But this video is a call to prayer. This is a very serious video.
I started getting these warnings over the last couple of weeks.
But as this week has been ending and I've been praying, driving around praying, the Lord has really had me praying for President Trump. And in the visions, I stopped and the Lord told me...
this vision lasted for a while, but I saw President Trump, and I've told you all about a major scandal that the enemy was going to try to take him out with—a major scandal with an adultery kind of scandal.
But as I'm praying over this, it's not just one thing. The enemies, if they can't take him out with a bullet, or any kind of poison, or whatever, or an impeachment, or whatever, the enemy is going through.
I told you I saw a storm around the White House in the last video, and all the branches were laying, but the lights stayed on in the White House.
As I'm praying into this, I could see demonic witchcraft trying to settle in over the White House, over President Trump's health, for I saw an attack to try to give him a stroke.
And the Lord said, "Pray over his heart for the circulation of the blood flowing through his veins."And the Lord came to me again.
He said, "Brandon, you need to be praying on the channel for President Trump, for there is a demonic ploy against his life concerning his health."And I saw his heart again, and his arteries, all throughout his body.
There's something going on, and the Lord keeps warning me this is an attack against his life. And I saw his blood pressure rise. He's getting upset.
And because he has eaten so much McDonald's and fast food over this time frame, his body is not having the right nutrition that he needs to take care of himself, because he drinks a lot of Cokes, diet sodas, and puts trash in his body.
And the Lord warned me and said because of what he's pumping into his body, his body's not getting the right nutrition.
And as this went on, I saw him not able to finish his term. He still has three and a half years left.
Right as I was praying into this, I saw Vance, and the Lord told me, "Brandon, I strategically picked Vance."Vance is in there, and I saw him as a great leader similar to Trump.
As I was praying into this, I saw JD Vance in the background taking more of a role.
All of a sudden, you see JD Vance as a godly, strong leader, with strong morals, strong as far as being aggressive like Trump is in the international frame, like how you would see for international stuff.
He was very strong in the background, and the Lord told me as I was praying, "Pray over Trump's health.
Pray over this; it is very serious."I saw him lying in a bed, and he was under hospital care.
It looked very serious, like he was having a stroke. There was something very serious with his veins, arteries, and blood pressure.
Praying into this, I keep seeing issues with his heart. Pray into this, because the enemy would try to have him die as a president.
Not by somebody hurting him, but by bad choices in the past with demonic pressure.
I saw great demonic pressure. Remember I told you he was the log in the road.
He was all these things that I've told you that were delaying the uprising of the beast system.
So, as I was praying into this, the Lord allowed me to go into 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, 2031. I'm just being real with you.
As I was looking into this, when it got to 2028, when the Shemitah cycle ends, I'm going to be careful how I say this, but that's a great time frame for the rapture of the church.
That's what I'll say. It's a great time frame to be praying about.
As I was looking over the hell that I saw coming with the plague and major financial events, and all these things that are coming, it looked to me like this is a great opportunity for us not to be here.
That's why I was praying for it at least, because of how bad it looked in this time frame in the future. A shaking to a waking.
He said, "Remember, I told you all I'm giving you a three-year window."This three-year window is to pray and to have a major harvest of souls.
This is a three-year window to get the job done. What will we do with this three-year window that God's given us as we pray into this?
Even today, I saw into September. I saw a starting line. I saw the beautiful white doves again flying, and I saw a major storm in the east.
We were running toward the east, and the Lord said, "Run the race."It's time, for the greatest harvest of souls is upon us.
We need to take this time frame that we've been given seriously and pray for our president that he makes it to the full term, because the enemy would desire to take him out before it's time, as we see an attack against his health.
The Lord said to pray for him. I saw JD Vance ready; he was in the background ready to take the helm, and it wasn't a bad thing.
I'm going to say that if Trump was not going to make it in the natural, which I'm praying he will, the Lord said if you don't pray, he won't make it. The Lord told me that.
He said, "Brandon, if you people don't start interceding for him more with the demonic pressure that's on him, with the Antichrist spirit that's trying to push him out of the way, if you don't pray for this man more, he will not make it to the end."The Lord warned me.
He said, "You must pray for him to have a great visitation of the Lord, that this would become real to him even more, that he would turn."There are things there, there is compromise there, and we must pray for him that he doesn't open the door for a satanic attack on his life.
So I saw, like I said, JD Vance in the background. Now, as I was praying, I saw Gavin's face.
And this is what's interesting: I saw Kamala Harris's face talking in the background.
I saw Booker, I believe his name is. He's an African-American man, and he's one of the Democrat guys.
I don't know if that's exactly his name, but he's African-American and talks similarly to Obama, and he was in the background.
He ran for president before. He didn't do anything, but his voice became louder in the days ahead.
His voice tries to become louder. So there were three voices that I saw.
Now, I've seen Gavin being dealt with concerning corruption in California.
Embarrassing moments are coming for certain politicians, and the Lord warned me about certain politicians like Gavin and hidden political scandals.
So as I saw Gavin, that his day, that things would be uncovered, I'm praying into that, that he would be removed from California as the governor, that there would be embarrassing moments in the days ahead.
I'm telling you, I saw the trafficking. I saw him turning his back to it like he knew it was happening.
And people said, "Well, you can't say that kind of stuff."No, this is what I saw in the vision.
There's corruption in California. You won't stop the people being trafficked coming across the border.
You're allowing these people to come across, and you know drug trafficking is going on.
You know smuggling is going on, and you're not doing anything to stop it. You're turning a cold shoulder to it.
And the Lord said there are great demonic things that will be discovered and uncovered in the days ahead, to pray over this.
But I saw him in the background trying to be a... what do you call it when you heckle somebody?
Trying to rise up more when you try to heckle them, and you try to be that thorn in the side with these judges that you see rising up.
I told you there'll be more judges in the days ahead, and it means SCOTUS has to get involved more and more.
It's to try to delay, to try to put stumbling block after stumbling block because of what God is trying to do for the wealth transfer, for the supernatural harvest, and for the body of Christ.
I told you this is Satan's wheelhouse; I warned you all. This is where he's the best—over the money.
This is his wheelhouse; he is over all the money of the earth.
That's why he comes and promises you things: 'I can do this, I can make you wealthy,'because that's his wheelhouse.
That's what he's good at. So, as the body of Christ, we go, 'Well, it's just going to happen like ripe cherries off a tree.'No.
Nothing happens without intercessory prayer in any area of your life.
Everything is birthed out of intercessory prayer: prayer for Trump and the decisions he's making, prayer for him to line up with Israel on the 23rd with this major speech, that he would even make it to the speech.
Praying for his body to be strong, his mind to remain strong, that no strokes come to him—because there was a major stroke trying to mess with his arteries—and praying over his kids.
I've already told you, they said it was Iran: 'If we can't get him, we'll get his kids, or his grandkids,'remember?
Trying to hurt him with great grief, causing him to have a mental and emotional breakdown with his children—with Don Jr.
in particular, I've already told you that, remember? And praying over Don Jr.'s daughter, Kai, Trump's granddaughter, praying over that young girl.
The Lord showed me her face in particular; she is Don Jr.'s daughter.
So, the Lord was telling me to pray over these two people specifically.
With Eric Trump, I didn't feel like he was on edge as much as it was for Don Jr. And that's why I told you about the picture frames.
There are so many things that the Lord has shown us through this channel to warn us to pray for President Trump.
And I saw the storm again. I keep seeing this major storm around the White House. I keep seeing things.
So, if the devil can't get you through sexual misconduct, he'll get you through stress and your health. Do you understand? He's a slimy, slithering snake.
But either way, it's for the body of Christ to uplift him and pray for him to finish what God has set him out to do.
I saw Vance coming up behind, and it was even at the end of the presidency.
I saw Vance in the vision when I was praying take the baton and then run for president in 2028. So, there's a lot there.
Like I said, it's not real cooked yet, so I usually do not bring this out in the open whenever the Lord speaks to me privately like this.
Whenever it's in public, when I'm praying, I give it to you right then.
But when He's talking to me behind closed doors and showing me prophetic things to pray over—that Trump would finish and that it's serious, Brandon—I'm telling you, the way He told me this is very pressing.
This is very serious, to take this seriously. I just felt more of an urgency than I ever have.
So, I don't know what it is about this Labor Day going into September, but the major decisions that will be made will be made in December, a make-or-break time for the United States of America.
This is a vital month that we're stepping into in the next 48 hours, as of now, for us as America to line up and pray for Israel, to pray for the peace of Jerusalem, not for a two-state solution, and to believe for all these.
I'm telling you, folks, we're in the last of the last days here.
That's why I said I see into this timeframe coming in the future.
And I want you to hear me: I believe a lot of times when I'm looking, I'm looking into the Tribulation.
I don't believe that some of the things I see—you go, 'Brandon, you said this,'and I said that. Yes, I did.
But a lot of times when I'm praying, I'm looking into the Tribulation, looking into the Great Tribulation.
I just believe it with all my heart because as I was seeing even further out, I was looking in this vision of today—and I'll just say this—I was looking into the thousand years, and I could see the thousand years.
I could see the temple; I could see everything again. And I don't go into that part of it ever; I very seldom talk about the thousand years and what I see about it.
Very seldom. But the Lord will allow me to go. This is how it is: as you go up into the higher realm—say you're looking out, this is a good way for me to tell you, I'll make it easy.
As you go up and you're looking out with a prophetic eye, say you're in outer space as an astronaut and you look down at the United States, you can see Florida all the way across to California if you're up high enough, right?
If you're up high enough, you can see Florida and California at the same time.
But if you're on the ground in the United States, the closer you get down to the bottom, you realize that's thousands of miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific, right?
But the higher you go, it looks like you could just go out and touch it.
The lower you go, you know that it's going to take several days to drive it.
So, as you're going up prophetically as an eagle and you're looking out over the edge of time, you can see years.
A lot of times, the higher I go in worship, the higher I go into this place in this realm of the Spirit, the higher I go up with Him as an eagle, I can see years.
But the years do not start in January. The years start in September, or when the feast day is, because sometimes it's in September, sometimes it's in October.
But you can see His timeframe is never by the Gregorian calendar—January to December—it's always by the feast days, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
Those are the feast days. That's the timeframe of whenever the Lord is looking for His prophetic timeline.
So, as I'm looking, as I go up higher—and folks, this takes time, hours of prayer—you go up and you can see out over the edge of time.
He'll show me the feast day to feast day, and I keep going, and He'll say, 'This is your 2025, 2026, 2027, 2028, 2029, 2030, 2031,'and He'll show me. Does that make sense?
But I know that I see a line dividing each year when I go up prophetically, and I can see what it looks like in each year as I look into it, being able to pinpoint and say, 'That's 2026, 2027,'and I'll even tell them to write this down as I see into this timeframe.
But once we get to 2028, you need to—I'm telling you all—buckle your safety belts, if we're still here.
I'm telling y'all, what it looked like to me was very unsettling.
I don't ever want to use the word 'scary'because God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I don't use the word 'scary,'but I will say that the fall of 2027 going into 2028 was very disturbing.
If we do not pray on this channel, if we do not take the time to seek His face and find Him—2027 freaked me out.
2028, I won't even go there. Looking into 2029, I pray I was looking into the Great Tribulation.
I pray with all my heart that's not what we raise our kids in with finances, plagues, and war.
It looked so heavy that the United States of America—I'm going to say this—didn't exist like I saw it.
Do you remember when I told you all, even looking into Texas, they became their own country-like entity, and they seceded from the Union?
They had walls on the east and on the west, but they were thick walls that they didn't want people coming in.
And as they were there, there were no walls to Oklahoma, but Oklahoma was divided.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for a governor of Oklahoma that lines up with red thinking because it has the potential to be divided."And I saw a line being drawn across from Miami, Oklahoma to Altus, and it was split down the middle, and it was blue and red.
And these are the things the Lord is showing me. I'm talking about just being political.
What about the revival? Now, I've told you about the revival.
I've told you about a great shaking to awaken. I've told you about one of the greatest harvest of souls.
I've warned you about that. But what is happening on the other side?
Because it will be like a quarter. You can either focus on the dark, or you can focus on the light.
That's how thin it will be. Either side of a quarter is there, but both sides have something else on them.
You know, one side's a face, one side's whatever. And you can hold it in that thin of a line.
You either focus on the dark that's coming, or you can focus on the light and the great, glorious outpouring.
But either way, the light is going to get lighter, and the dark is going to get darker.
There's no separation from it because we are in the end of the last.
The last of the last is upon us. And yes, we will see an amazing revival.
I believe this, but yes, I believe that the birthing pains, and as it was in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
This is going to get dark, dark, and gross darkness to the point where you'll be able to—it's like it was in Egypt.
It's so black, so dark that it's tangible with how many birthing pains, earthquakes, all these things.
Birthing pains are going to accelerate as we step into September.
Birthing pains, as the Lord said, "Do you see this?"And it was a new beginning, a new finish, a starting line.
And I saw a revival that's getting ready to be birthed. But I saw the darkness in the edge of the horizon.
He said, "Don't pay attention to it. Just run your race. Bring in the harvest."And I saw the white doves flying again.
And I watched it. I went, "Lord, that's intimidating.""Don't pay attention to it.
Don't pay attention to the darkness. Pay attention to the harvest.
What's coming on this earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken."You're going to see things that you never dreamed you would see, ladies and gentlemen.
What are you going to do? Are you going to act like the church status quo, where everything's all normal?
Or are you going to get an urgency about the Father's business, knowing that we're in the last of the last year?
Well, I heard prophet so-and-so, and they said we got a hundred years left.
You be careful who you're listening to. Be careful who you're listening to. We don't have 100 years. We don't have 50 years.
I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is coming, but you've got to get your boat ready.
You've got to get your household ready for what's about to take place.
And you know, when I was listening to Kim Clement and he was talking about Joseph, God spoke about the hard times to get you prepared so it wouldn't affect you.
God told Joseph, God told these men in the Bible not to get caught off guard.
He warned them about the storms. He warned them about the famines. He told them in advance so it would not affect you.
Because I believe as it affects the world, it's not meant to affect the body of Christ.
We're the head and not the tail. We're above and not beneath.
But it's time for us to show that, to be that light in the darkness.
And that's why Goshen looked so good, because in Egypt all heck was breaking loose, and they were going, "What is going on up in here?
Why is it good over there and not good over here?"Because they serve a God of miracles.
They serve a God of blessing. And our false gods are not good enough.
Do you understand? And that's what's going to happen with the body of Christ.
It's time for us to rise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord has risen on our faces.
We are in the time that we are seeing the precursor to Jacob's trouble.
We're seeing the beginning of all these major shakings. And you know what?
I told Dana we've been studying pre-trib, post-trib, mid-trib, and then going through the whole thing.
And I'm going to tell you this: I don't believe we go through the whole thing, but people have about the beginning of—and I'm going to say this, and I might tick some of you off, but I'm just being real with you.
Sometimes when you read about mid-trib going through the first three and a half years until the great tribulation, the reason why they say that about the great tribulation, and that begins at the three-and-a-half-point, that the first three and a half years won't be too bad as far as the first three and a half years.
I've seen the whole thing. I went through it with Jesus. But I can see, you know, always keeping your eyes open and studying things out and not being ignorant to why people believe what they believe.
You know, I'm like, I want to be a student of the word. I don't want to be ignorant to it and go, "Well, I just don't know why you believe what you believe."I'm going to tell you this: I don't believe in going through the whole thing.
Now, there's some people, like they tell me, "This prophet believes that we're going through the whole thing,"and I'm like, I don't believe that at all.
I don't believe it. I don't believe God's a wife-beater. I don't believe we're appointed unto wrath.
I just don't. The great tribulation, no man has ever known what's about to happen.
They can say, "We can line up with the disciples, and they went through a lot."And I don't mean this in any disrespectful way.
What they went through compared to what some people are going to go through in the tribulation is a walk in the park.
The great tribulation—no man has ever known this kind of tribulation whenever God's wrath is on the earth.
God's wrath was not on the earth during Bible times when the disciples—we're talking God's wrath in the last three and a half years.
Do you understand? Nobody has ever seen this kind of suffering and what's about to take place when God cleans house.
Do you understand? This is a serious, serious time. Well, you know, we'll be able to make it. I'm telling you, most people will not.
There are a lot of people—it's going to be so many, to the point that you say, "Who's going to live and who's going to die?"You can just pick an alignment and say most of these people are going to be dead by the time if you're left in the tribulation.
So, I just want to bring this to you of an urgency of what I feel concerning President Trump's health, President Trump's safety, and taking this as not just a, "Oh, we're praying for him not to have a heart attack."No, this is serious.
And where we are in the end times, because the enemy would want to, because it's about lining up with a Jonathan and David relationship concerning Israel and America to bring in those that bless.
Do you want to be a sheep nation or a goat nation? Those that bless Israel, the Lord will bless, and those that curse Israel will be cursed.
And I want to be on the blessing side. Do you not? Well, what does that have to do with me?
I don't care if my nation's blessed. It's bragging rights, in my opinion.
We were the sheep nation. We weren't a goat nation. We stood with Israel. We prayed with Israel.
But not only that, the blessing of the Lord came on those that blessed them as a nation. And you represent your nation; you live there.
So we pray for the peace of Jerusalem regardless of it, you know, does it in particular?
No. But I live here. It's like, does it put a curse on me? No. Does it put a blessing on me?
No. But I live here and I'm partaking in the blessing. The favor over my land, the blessing on my land.
As we are partakers of that blessing. Do you understand? Don't you want your land to be blessed? Don't you want your place where you live to be blessed?
Your government, your people who stand for not abortion, stand for godly principles and godly morals, and that's the blessing.
You don't want to live in bad. Ask people in Haiti. It's terrible what they go through. Terrible in some of these places. Cuba, it's not good.
Dictators and Kim Jong-un and all the craziness that these people have to go through, the citizens of those areas.
It's awful what they go through and we don't want anybody to have to go through a third world country or even worse.
It's terrible. So, we pray for the revival and we pray that God would pour out his spirit like we've never seen before.
I feel a stirring inside that we're about to see something radical concerning the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
A major something. I just feel it. And I don't know if you can feel it, but I do. And Diana, we all can feel it. I just feel it.
And it's time to come up higher with our fire and praying in the Holy Ghost and praying for our president, praying for his wife, praying for his kids, praying for our great nation of America.
As we see Canada and Mark and all the things I've told you, a great shaking's coming to Canada. So, I just pray for you, Canada.
I pray for their leaders and it's going to be fine because I'm telling you all there's a great revival about to hit Canada, a major revival, and I saw British Columbia and I saw the shaking.
But as it was going, they turned red and they seceded from Canada and they started to become part of America.
And there was a highway that went clear up to Alaska that was formed eventually that they're talking about, and they wanted to put one all the way up there for a coastal highway coming up through Canada to Alaska being part of America.
So as they keep coming against him with all the tariffs and the trade wars, and the judges keep coming against him, it's causing great stress upon his body.
It's demonic pressure of persecution coming against his decisions to delay the efforts of what he's trying to do.
As Jerome Powell, being that person, is walking that road saying, 'I'm not lowering interest rates. I'm against him. I'm against him.
I'm against him.'Listening to the Democratic Party influencing him to not make America great again with the finances, remember.
And as Jerome Powell was walking that road, he was being influenced by men in suits and he was being influenced by Democrats.
And I saw him having an ear towards them and he had a hard heart towards him, and he was looking towards them and he wanted to appease the Democrats because he was in their pocket.
And as he was going down the road, he was trying to make it as hard and delay the inevitable.
But the inflation and things, I'm telling you, are worse than what they're saying. They're keeping it afloat.
He's paddling the canoe trying to, and as this goes into the fall, I pray that there's some stimulus for a wealth transfer for the body of Christ because we need it to be stimulated.
I already told you there's no saving America, y'all. So if the ship's going down, the Lord said, 'Ride the wave.'What does a wave do?
A wave crashes. But a wave looks really good whenever it's up in the air and it's coming.
The wave doesn't last long. Think about what the Lord has told us. Ride the wave. How do we ride the wave?
We need them to lower interest rates and pump this economy as much as you could.
So the body of Christ gets all they can with the Joseph. They store up in their storehouses.
They get everything ready because the wave's coming down and a new digital dollar is coming.
Why? How do you say that, Brandon? It's in the Bible. A beast system. A beast system is coming.
So, as we see, he says, 'Ride the wave.'We need the wave to start because I don't know about you, but I haven't seen any wave yet.
I haven't seen an outpouring as we prayed for Judge Torres and all these things.
That's been done for over a month now, right? A month. It'll be a month on the 7th, on the day of the eclipse.
September 7th, it will be one month that that lawsuit was removed. September 7th will be one month. It was August the 7th.
So, it would be one month from the day that the lawsuit was removed. That seems pretty cool, huh?
So, we have these time frames of 30-some days, and we have that and I'm telling you, we need interest rates.
We need to print money or whatever we got to do to pump the economy because it's already done.
I'm telling you, 30-some trillion dollars in the hole. Let's ride the wave.
Store up to hear the voice of the Lord on what to do and get your house in order with whatever God's telling you to store. I know what he's told me. Land and things like that.
Getting things in order for a better—for your family to have a nest egg, for spreading this gospel, paying off churches.
We need money to pay off churches, but build youth buildings, do the things the Lord's told us to do because it's going to cost.
When he told me, I believe he wanted me to pray for a five billion soul harvest.
I just said, 'Lord, this is going to take billions if not trillions of dollars to bring this in.'But if you will listen to him, he will tell you that which is to come, and he will show you where to put your money.
Now, I've heard the Lord told me, he said, 'I want you to remember that not everyone will participate in this, and there will be great snares.'So, you hear people speaking out against certain cryptos.
You hear them speaking out against certain things, saying, 'This isn't it. It's all going to collapse.'And they blow up things.
And the Lord said it's shaking the weak hands—who can handle the money and who can't, because 'I will not give you what will destroy you.'And if you are shaken out by a voice telling you to buy it or to not buy it, you didn't hear God for yourself.
You didn't hear God for yourself. So, you cannot participate in something that you're not hearing the Father yourself.
Because if somebody shakes you out of it or somebody encourages you to buy it, if it goes up or down or whatever, you blame everybody.
That's why I say you don't get financial advice on this channel.
We don't—I point you in a direction to pray. I am not a financial adviser. Never will be, never, never.
I told even with my family, I do not share, I do not do that because I could be wrong and I'm not responsible for your finances.
I pray and I seek God. And in that, you do not allow people to shake you out, and that you do not allow people to encourage you to do.
You listen to Jesus yourself. So when I hear the people talking, 'This person said this, he told us to sell it all and do all this, that it's a scam.
This is a scam. Don't do that.'I'm like, do what the Holy Spirit tells you to do.
I'm not here to instruct you. That's not my job. I am not here to go against prophet so and so or to confirm prophet so and so.
Well, he said this. I don't care what they said. That's between them and God.
I'm not responsible for what that pastor said, that that person said.
I'm responsible for what I say and what the Lord's told me in my family.
But I've never told anybody anything to do, what to invest in. I say, 'This is what I'm praying into.
This is what I'm praying into.'And if that witnesses with you, then that's on you.
You hear the voice of God for yourself concerning precious metals, concerning land, where to buy land, what to invest in, cryptos or whatever.
I don't know. I just know. I just pray. And that's what this channel is about.
And that's why the Lord says, 'Stop talking about finances.'Because many people come for that and they're not hearing, and this money, when it happens, will destroy them.
And you are not going to be held accountable for the money of what they have or what they don't have if it destroys them. I'm not going to be charged for your soul.
Well, you got to say you got $10 million or whatever, and you got out and you went out and got a divorce and started going to strip clubs or whatever and partying and doing drugs, and you died of an overdose or something, and you go, 'What happened?''Well, I got the money from this investment from the prophetic voice, and then it destroyed me, and I went to hell.'I'm like, that was because you didn't have that character to handle it.
You didn't have the character to handle it. And he said the Lord told me many people, the 1% will handle it, though others won't.
And a lot of them are—it's a great shakeout time concerning things because people are not hearing for themselves.
He hardened the heart of Pharaoh and he softened the heart. And many times, I believe he hardens the heart of people because they didn't hear for themselves.
They just are riding on their bandwagon, and it's scary. That's a scary place to be, to not hear God for yourself.
You must fast. You must pray. You must seek him every day, and he will lead you about what's about to take place for yourself.
This channel is just to have you pray with me, and I bring you back to the word.
Always read the word for yourself and find a foundation with the Father for your own self.
Nobody else is ever going to teach you that. Most people are trying to talk to you about giving them money.
Most people are trying to talk to you about building things or whatever.
I'm here to tell you, get your heart right before Jesus Christ.
You're running out of time. Who cares about everything else? It's all—if you're hearing God, he'll provide for you.
I'm telling you, for investments or whatever, I just know he's just that good of a God.
So, Father, we just lift up President Trump before you right now.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the man that you've put into office. And Lord, we pray over his heart. We pray over his mind.
We pray over him that he has that peace that passes all understanding, that we're in the right place at the right time doing exactly what you've called us to do, Father.
For you've called us and you chose us for such a time as this. And we will follow after you, Lord.
And we're not going to listen to prophet so-and-so on what to do and prophet this and that.
No, Father. We're going to follow the voice of God for our life.
And we will not be snared by any satanic or demonic force. Father, we always turn it back to what does Jesus say to me.
And Father, you said to pray for our president. You said pray for our leaders.
We pray over JD Vance. We pray over the wives. We pray over the children.
And we thank you, Lord, that you said in your word a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we anoint them in the name of Jesus with oil. We pray for them right now and we thank you, Lord, by faith.
I pray over his health and I say, in the name of Jesus, the blessing of the Lord is on you, sir, and your heart.
You will live long and finish strong. And I call peace to your heart, to your arteries, to your cholesterol, to your veins to not be calcified.
I speak in the name of Jesus healing and wholeness and wellness over you, sir, and that you will live long and finish strong in Jesus'name.
Your heart will not have any calcium or any kind of plaque buildup.
In Jesus'name, we call blessing and increase over your heart. We call blessing and increase over your veins.
We call blessing and increase over your mind, that no strokes come nigh you in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord, that over his liver and over fatty liver disease and over the things that are going on with his liver, I speak life over his liver right now in Jesus'name.
I call peace over his mind, Father, that he leans and he trusts confidently in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
He leans into you, Lord, and he trusts you. He takes all the care out of his prayer concerning this nation, for he can't do it without you.
And I thank you, Lord, that he'll hit that brick wall of realizing that he can't do this without you. In the midnight hour, visit him.
Because this is only able to be done by the prayers of the righteous praying for him and by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony and standing on our covenant and knowing that Jesus Christ is the leader over America, not President Trump.
Jesus is. And we put a covering on him that you put him in position. But Father, you're the ultimate leader.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're not done with America yet.
And I thank you, Lord, that he would humble himself underneath the mighty hand of God, and in due time, you said you would exalt us.
But, Father, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump is covered by the blood of Jesus.
That no witchcraft comes nigh him, no incantations, no chants, no voodoo, no spirit, all that demonic witchcraft.
I thank you that the angels of the Lord are going around and about that White House right now. That you said the lights are on in the White House.
And I pray a hedge of protection around President Trump right now in that White House in Mar-a-Lago, over his marriage, over his children, over his grandchildren.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over them in the name of Jesus.
That we break all word curses. Every tongue that rises against him, we condemn it.
We condemn the words that are spoken right now in the name of Jesus.
Every tongue, every witchcraft spell, we say it falls to the feet in the name of Jesus. Father, that he will finish his race in Jesus'name.
Father, I pray for men and women that are godly to be raised up around him for such a time as this, like Esthers to go before the king and tell him, 'Hey, there's a plan and a plot to kill the Jews like he did Haman.'Father, I thank you, Lord, that those plans and the plots to destroy the believer would fall in the name of Jesus.
We call for favor with the judges, favor in the name of Jesus, the plying of the hearts, Father.
The stumbling blocks keep out of the way, and that it's a highway, not just a little side road, but a highway going on a speedway.
Father, we're able to go fast because we're running out of time to get this thing done. We call interest rates down.
We call a flooding of the economy to ride the wave that you told us, a riding of the wave in Jesus'name. We call in the riding of the wave.
We call our investments to shoot up like rockets in Jesus'name to bring in the kingdom of God money, so we can support this gospel throughout the whole world, and then the end shall come.
We believe that we receive a mighty harvest in Jesus'name. From the north, the south, the east, the west, we call the money in, in Jesus'name.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for supernatural, creative ideas to get wealth, that everything we put our hands to will prosper in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, according to Deuteronomy 28, that we are the head and not the tail.
We'll go above and not beneath. We'll go through and we'll not go under.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're the blessing. Father, I thank you, Lord, for Deuteronomy. Father, let's just read it right now.
Deuteronomy: 'And the Lord shall open to you his good treasures in the heavens to give the rain of your land in the season, and to bless all the work of your hands, and you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.'I believe, Father, that you would open to us the good treasures, the heavens.
The Lord shall open to you His good treasures, the heavens to give the rain of your land in its season.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that it's raining on our finances. It's raining on our land.
It's raining on the blessing and the increase in the name of Jesus.
And the Lord shall make you have a supply of prosperity through the livestock and of your ground in the land the Lord swore to your fathers to give you, over our livestock, over our ground.
Father, I thank You, Lord. Every curse over our cattle with these worms and all this stuff going on, Father, there's blessing on our cattle as we bless Israel.
You bless our cattle. You bless our ground. You bless our land. You bless our finances.
And Father, that we line up with that David and Jonathan relationship.
And it's a relationship that is a covenant that brings blessing on our land in the name of Jesus. As we stand with Israel, there's a blessing.
And You told me, Lord, that You were breathing on the Abrahamic covenant and that people would see that there's a God over Israel.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that the suffering in Gaza would end and it would stop, and there would be a government come in there and bring stability over that and they get rid of Hamas.
Father, we thank You, Lord. There would be peace over those children that are suffering.
There would be food and supplies and prosperity for the people of Gaza, all those children.
Father, there will be no more war in Jesus'name, and Hamas would be dispersed and they'll be running like enemies scattered in Jesus'name.
They'll release the hostages and let them go. I thank You, Lord, that this is the kind of God we serve, that You can turn it on a dime.
That what the devil meant for bad, God, You're going to turn it around for good.
And we believe that this is a time like never before, that we are seen as the salt and the light of the earth. And Father, I thank You.
And You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.'I believe, Father, that this is a time like never before that we're going to get the lost saved in Jesus'name.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're not done with America yet, that there's a harvest, there's a major shaking to awaken.
Father, I thank You, Lord. We're calling it in right now. We're calling in the blessing.
We're calling in healings over our bodies. We're calling our marriages to be restored.
We're calling our wayward children to come home. We're calling health in our homes.
We're calling the elderly to be okay. We thank You, Lord, that that's the kind of time we have right now.
That this is a time for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
That we don't shrink back and try to go, 'No, the sky is falling, Chicken Little.'No, the sky is not falling.
Jesus Christ is coming, and we're getting ready for Him to step up and say, 'Hey, come up here. Come up. Let's go.
Let's get out of here.'And I thank You, Lord, that we're that generation that will not taste death.
We are the generation that will not taste death, that we're the people that get to see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I believe it, Father. I believe it, Father, for such a time as this. And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we thank You, Lord, that the enemies be scattered in Jesus'name.
The enemies be scattered. As we pray for Trump today, we pray for him. We pray for Vance. We pray for our leaders.
We pray for a revival on the Senate floor, that he'll finish his term and his feet and his ankles won't swell anymore in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord, healing and wholeness and wellness over him in Jesus'name.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.'Well, I believe our prayer, the prayers of a righteous availeth much.
Regardless of whatever you're hearing on the internet, whatever trash they're speaking, Father, we say every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it in Jesus'name.
It will not bear fruit. It will not. We have blessing in our mouth, and we speak blessing over him.
We don't speak cursing; we speak blessing. And a blessing is bigger than a curse.
You can't curse whom God has blessed. A curse without a cause cannot stand.
So we pray over any cause that Trump has opened a door in any way.
We call those doors shut, and we help pray for him. A curse without a cause cannot stand.
And we thank You, Lord. There's no cause, especially through adultery. Thank You, Lord, that Jezebel would be removed. Remove it.
If this is the inroad to get him through adultery to open the door, Father, like a David, Father, we shut the door in the name of Jesus and we remove the Jezebels, the blonde Jezebels in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord, we believe we receive it in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Thank you for praying with me today. I pray this video blessed you.
If you're new here, that's what we do. We pray. And we believe prayer changes things. We believe that the power of prayer changes things.
We believe that Jesus Christ gave us power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt us.
We believe that we have that authority on the inside of us because it was given to us by Jesus Christ when He said, 'It is finished.'All power and authority was given to us as believers.
Believing believers, we're not doubters; we have authority in Jesus'name.
Hallelujah. Well, if you could help me do something, could y'all help me do something?
You know what I'm going to ask you, don't you? You already know what's coming.
Could you please help me by liking the video, subscribing, clicking the notification bell?
It's free; it doesn't cost you anything. People ask me, 'Does it cost to subscribe?'No, it doesn't cost anything.
It's just a little bell, the little subscribe button up there just by my picture.
Click it. Click, click, click. That's all it does. And it just notifies YouTube that you like this channel.
And that's all it does. It just makes you one of my friends on there and it just says, 'Hey, I support Brandon.
I support Last Days Ministries.'And that's all I'm asking you to do.
So please support us by clicking that little button up there saying, 'I support this guy,'and go up there and click it, like it, subscribe, click the notification bell, tell your friends and your family about me.
Say, 'Hey, there's a guy on YouTube that believes Jesus Christ is coming.
We should go and support him if you believe He's coming, too.'Because I do with all my heart, ladies and gentlemen.
I believe Jesus Christ is coming. He's coming back sooner than what you realize.
But I'm seeing into this time frame, and I'm telling you something major is about to take place.
He said a three-year window for revival. I'm giving you a three-year window for revival.
Think about what's on the other side of that: 2028. What happens after the revival is over?
The Shmita cycle will end. What will happen? What will you do with this three-year window that I'm giving you?
Will you bring in the lost? Will you help me? He's the Lord of the harvest.
That's what I'm trying to tell you all. It's soon, but it's not September.
It's not September. It's not the September to remember in that way.
It's a time of revival. There's something major about to happen.
But He's talking about a three-year window for a harvest. What will you do with this time frame?
What will you do with it? I pray you witness and you be harvesters.
Subscribe, click the notification bell. Backwards: subscribe, click the notification bell.
My bad. God bless it. The like button. Click the like button.
Click it all. What you got to do? We love you. We pray our channel blesses you. We do.
But I have to tell you this: the things that are sobering to me when I see it, to warn you as a watchman on the wall of what the Lord is showing me to pray for our president.
And it's serious, y'all. But I believe we made great headway today as we pray as a family for this man, that he'll live long and finish strong.
I don't believe God's done with him yet, but we got to make sure the doors are closed and he's okay.
God bless you all. Remember, we'll see you again soon. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.